Adds basic quick start docs, also adds diesel-cli and hugo to shell.nix (#33)
0xB10C/transactionfee-info: README.md

# transactionfee-info

> This project provides protocol-level statistics and insights about Bitcoin: Blocks, Transactions, SegWit and more. Implemented with a Rust backend and Hugo-based frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides protocol-level statistics and insights about Bitcoin: Blocks, Transactions, Script usage and more. Powered by a Rust backend and Hugo-based frontend.
```

Author: Addressed

## Prerequisites

> - Nix

Reviewer: I don't see nix as a prerequisite for this project. It's just a tool I use to develop it, but someone on e.g. Ubuntu will be able to work on transactionfee-info just as well by having `rustc`, `cargo`, `hugo`, .. installed.

Reviewer: Though, maybe it makes sense to mention that these tools (rustc, cargo, hugo,) are needed for development?  And that there is the alternative of using the nix-shell, if one wants to use it.

Author: I started going down the root of non-nix installation instructions but thought it might cause additional support burden in some sense, so stuck to what seemed the most straightforward path.

Author: But I will incorporate something like you've suggested, cheers!

> - Access to a Bitcoin Core node with REST API enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a Bitcoin Core node with the REST API enabled
```

### Bitcoin Core Setup
1. Add the following lines to your `bitcoin.conf`
2. Restart Bitcoin Core

```conf
# Enable REST API
rest=1
```

## Quick Start with Nix
With Nix installed enter a nix-shell to setup and start the backend and frontend

```bash
# Enter the development environment
nix-shell
```

### Backend

```bash
# Once in nix-shell..

# Setup and start the backend
cd backend
# Run database migrations
diesel setup

> diesel migration run

Reviewer: I don't think we actually need to do this as a user as it's done here when running the stats collection:

https://github.com/0xB10C/transactionfee-info/blob/8822ac6b09bae72f190f849f13c3d9c2e5237856/backend/src/main.rs#L156-L157

Author: Thanks, wasn't 100% on this

# This uses the default settings of connecting to localhost:8332
# creating a SQLite database in ./db.sqlite
# and writing the CSV files to ./csv
# See below for more details on the command-line arguments

> cargo run --release &

Reviewer: I think it's clearer to users that this process is still running if we don't suggest adding a `&`
```suggestion
cargo run --release
```

```

Note that this process could take many hours if you are starting from the genesis block!

### Frontend

The CSVs that are generated by the backend must be available in the `frontend/static/csv` directory for the charts to show.
They will need to be copied to there from the default `backend/csv` directory after the backend has been run.

```bash
# Once in nix-shell..

# Run the frontend
cd frontend
hugo server -D
```

> The frontend will now be available at `http://localhost:1313`

Reviewer: This might not always be the case. E.g. when there is already a service listening on 1313. Maybe something similar to the following is better:

```suggestion
Hugo will start serving the frontend on a webserver and provide an URL to it. 
```

## Backend Configuration
The backend application accepts several command-line arguments to customise its behaviour:

```bash

> cargo run -- [OPTIONS]

Reviewer: Did you mean this? With OPTIONS I get the following error `error: unexpected argument '[OPTIONS]' found`

```suggestion
cargo run -- --help
```

Author: Yeah the [OPTIONS] was a placeholder for the options that followed in the README, and was motivated by what is actually output when you run `cargo run -- --help` (see below). In the avoidance of doubt use `--help` as you suggest:

```
Usage: transactionfee-info-backend [OPTIONS]

Options:
      --rest-host <REST_HOST>          Host part of the Bitcoin Core REST API endpoint [default: localhost]
      --rest-port <REST_PORT>          Port part of the Bitcoin Core REST API endpoint [default: 8332]
      --database-path <DATABASE_PATH>  Path to the SQLite database file where the stats are stored [default: ./db.sqlite]
      --csv-path <CSV_PATH>            Path where the CSV files should be written to [default: ./csv]
      --no-csv                         Flag to disable CSV file writing
      --no-stats                       Flag to disable stat generation
  -h, --help                           Print help
  -V, --version                        Print version
  ```
